PMM-14576 Backup improvements doc update. (#5646)
percona/pmm: documentation/docs/backup/mongodb-backup/backup_mongo.md

  - Storing backups on Amazon S3-compatible object storage, and on mounted filesystem
  - Creating and restoring Logical snapshot backups
  - Creating and restoring Physical snapshot backups for Percona Server for MongoDB

>   - Creating logical PITR backups both locally and on S3-compatible object storage. Restoring logical PITR backups from S3-compatible object storage only; PMM does not support PITR restores from local storage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - You can create logical PITR backups both locally and on S3-compatible object storage. To restore a PITR backup, you must use S3-compatible object storage. PMM does not support PITR restores from local storage.
```
